[ominous music]
[machine whirring]
[soldier]
Twenty meters to the target point.
Earthquakes have made the area unstable.
Come back up the moment you sense
any disturbance.
[worker]
This stratum is made up of flood sediment?
[beeping]
There's no mistaking it. This is it.
Huh?
Incredible.
A cavern like this inside the mountain.
[worker 1] Hey, what's that?
[worker 2] Holy crap, it's really here.
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries
is a warning to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called
"Spriggan."
[theme music]
[snoring]
[teacher] Ominae!
Wake up, Ominae!
[Yu snoring]
[teacher grunting]
I said, wake up!
[students exclaim]
[applause]
[snarling]
[teacher screams]
Ominae!
Hey, "Eternal Truant,"
I can't believe you finally
came back to school
just to sleep your way through class.
People are being really mean
to our class president, Kagaho,
all because of you, you know.
Oh, Hatsuho…
It is what it is. I was up all night with…
-[clears throat]
-[Hatsuho] All night with what?
A game! I stayed up all night
playing a video game, okay?
Oh, really? Were you?
You weren't having
a different kind of fun?
-Shut up!
-Anyway…
you're going to fix
your poor lifestyle habits,
and your slacker tendencies
starting today.
Isn't that right, Class President Kagaho?
Huh?
Uh, well, I… um…
[Kagaho] I mean…
Um, see you tomorrow, if that's okay.
[Hatsuho sighs]
Kagaho.
Are you guys actually twins?
Just shut up!
[sighs]
All right.
So I'll come to class tomorrow as well.
Oh, really?
[Yu] Yeah, I'll take care of it.
Uh, you do know that's how attendance
works anyway, don't you?
-[phone chimes]
-[Yu] Huh?
Sorry, looks like tomorrow's a no-go.
What? But you just told us
that you'd come to class.
Don't even think about skipping
after-school practice.
Sorry, but something came up.
-[Yu] Let's take a rain check.
-[gasps, snarls]
-[Hatsuho] You think this is a joke?
-Huh?
If you wanna leave, then first,
you have to go through me!
Hey now, I thought karate club members
weren't supposed to use violence?
[grunts]
Quit whining and give up already!
Oh.
[all exclaim]
[male student] Wait! No way!
-Ominae?
-[background murmurs]
See ya!
[students exclaim]
Oh, well.
He's getting held back a year for sure.
It's Noah's Ark? From the bible?
[Director Yamamoto] That's the one.
For a while, ARCAM has been doing
a long-term survey of Mount Ararat,
with permission from
the Turkish Government.
But then, three years ago,
observation of muon particles
led to the discovery
of an unnatural cave formation.
When the survey team went inside
the cave to investigate,
they discovered the hull of a ship
buried right there on the bedrock.
Well, that's insanely lucky.
So why is it this is the first time
I'm hearing about this find.
Everything to do with the Ark
is top secret information.
Besides, you weren't even with
the ARCAM organization three years ago.
[Yu] Oh, come on,
when this gets announced,
it'll be an even bigger shake-up
for academia than the ruins of Troy.
As things stand now,
we can't let that happen.
-All thanks to…
-[keyboard clacking]
-…this thing here.
-Hm?
A new Message Plate?
[Director Yamamoto]
Exactly, we found this one two weeks ago.
It was embedded
in the outer cladding of the ship.
This plate is made from the same material
as the ones we found before.
The issue we had is with the message.
According to our translators,
the ancient Hebrew says,
"Noah bestows grace
upon all living things."
"Noah brings destruction
to all living things."
[Yu] What does that mean?
I don't know, however,
we can infer that Noah's Ark
possesses two opposing powers,
both grace and destruction.
And therefore, it could be dangerous
depending on how it's used.
As expected, we've had several reports
that the Ark's survey team
along with their base camp
located nearby have been under attack
for the past several days.
[gasps]
[Director Yamamoto] They're holding off
the attackers by the skin of their teeth.
But we don't know
where the attack came from.
And neither Turkey
nor any of the surrounding countries
have released a statement.
We aren't in a position
to make the same public, either.
[sighs]
Yu, your primary objective is to help
protect the members of that survey team.
And also, if our suspicions are correct,
that Noah's Ark really is
a dangerous ancient relic,
seal it away.
And if you can't, then destroy it.
NOAH'S ARK
Yu Ominae, isn't it, sir?
We have intel that an ARCAM-owned plane
took off from Haneda airport
two hours ago.
It is likely that the agent on board…
is this boy.
This kid's a Spriggan. S-rank Special Op.
This is gonna mean trouble for us.
What do you think we should do?
At this rate, I'm afraid we're gonna risk
ARCAM sealing away the Ark.
[MacDougall] There's no cause for concern…
'cause this is my job.
And it's the entire reason
we were sent here to begin with.
We're here to take commands
since you proved unable
to handle a few civilians playing soldier.
[both gasp, sigh]
Colonel MacDougall, sir.
We've been dealing with the government
in Turkey and Armenia,
but any further action
could harm diplomatic relations.
[officer]
You are the final reinforcements.
[MacDougall] This is plenty.
They can send as many Spriggans
as they please.
I'll turn this mountain into their grave.
We've been waiting for you, kiddo.
Man, it sure is a relief
having you here, Yu.
Hey there, Bruce! Hiya, Ed!
Sounds like you guys have had a rough…
Come on, whatever. This is nothing.
Kevin, hey! Congrats on the wedding, man!
Once this mission wraps up, she and I
are honeymooning on the southern islands.
That's all on hold until the Ark
opens up its doors though.
-[shrieks]
-It's just you and your imagination.
[laughter]
-[Professor Meyzel] Yu!
-Huh?
[gasps]
[Professor Meyzel]
Your Orichalcum fighting knife.
And it's crafted with a knuckle guard
just as you requested.
This is great.
Orichalcum is a wonder.
It's essentially a metal that hardens
as pressures are applied to it.
And, until now, the hardest
was just over 10 on the Mohs scale,
about three times as hard as a diamond.
[Professor Meyzel] This knife, however,
was refined specifically
to increase the hardness of the blade.
Its strength far exceeds anything
up until now.
This is great, Professor Meyzel.
I knew I could count on you
to make this bad boy.
There is something else
I brought along for you.
Ready, Margaret?
Yes, Professor.
[Margaret] These arm pads
are fitted with anchor wire.
Inside is an ultra-high performance motor
capable of lifting the equivalent
of two to three people.
Wow. These are gonna be fun.
[officer over PA] Warning, armed forces
have been detected near the facility.
Affiliation unknown!
Medical teams are to accompany
each squad to the site ASAP.
Guess that means
we're done catching up, huh?
Right. I'm gonna take these for a spin.
[Professor Meyzel] Go ahead.
Oh, a friend of yours
is supposed to be here soon, too.
Uh, what was their name again?
You know…
the, uh… the French one with long hair.
[guns firing]
[soldier] Don't let them get near
the line of defense.
Concentrate fire!
It keeps dodging everything!
[explosion]
[suspenseful music]
-[gasps]
-Is that the Machiner's Platoon?
[soldier] So it's the United States
who's trying to steal the Ark?
[rattling gun firing]
[soldiers shriek]
[groaning]
[firing continues]
[soldier shrieks]
[soldier screams]
[Fatman] Touchdown!
[soldier] What is that thing?
Retreat!
All troops fall back
to the second line of defense!
[Little Boy] All you have to do
was kindly leave Noah to us.
No one would've died.
Here's a juicy question for you.
I'd like to know
whether you prefer mince or ham?
[shrieks]
[Little Boy groans]
[grunts]
[gasps]
I guess, you're a ham fan, then.
[laughs maniacally]
[Fatman] Hey, Little Boy.
ARCAM is too damn weak. I'm bored.
Well, that's not my fault, Fatman.
I mean, did they really think they could
take out our assassination squad
with this garbage?
ARCAM is so naïve.
[crashing]
Who the hell are you?
[Fatman] It's the Spriggan.
He's here.
Yu Ominae!
Yu! Yu.
SOFIA, ABOUT WHEN DO YOU THINK
YOU'LL COME BACK?
You bastards.
You're telling me,
you really want the Ark this badly?
[Fatman] Want it?
[laughs]
"Want" has nothing to do with it.
A relic with incredible power
like Noah's Ark
should be under America's control.
Yeah. We're just delivering justice,
making things how they're supposed to be.
[Little Boy laughs maniacally]
[Yu] Justice?
You bastards think this is funny?
You're not getting out of these mountains
in one piece.
Armor up!
Try me!
[Little Boy]
We aren't weaklings like Hummingbat.
[laughing]
Try all you want, but you won't
take me down like that.
[Yu grunts]
[screeching]
[laughs]
[explosion]
[laughing]
Do you like that, Spriggan?
[Little Boy] Run! Run!
A single fragment hits your head
and it's game over.
Huh?
[grunting]
[shrieks]
[Little Boy screaming]
[screams]
[Little Boy groans]
[Fatman] Little Boy!
You runt!
[snarls]
[Fatman] You think I'm playing around?
[grunts]
Too slow!
Damn brat!
[tense music]
[shrieks]
[grunts]
The texture…
[Fatman grunting]
[grunting]
I got you now, Spriggan!
[Yu] You… your body armor…
[Fatman] That's right, they're made
of Orichalcum just like yours!
You thought ARCAM had a monopoly
on repurposing OOPArts as weapons?
Now that our body armor specs match yours,
-we're undefeatable.
-[Yu choking]
[laughing maniacally]
Do it, Fatman!
Snap his little neck already!
I hear you, Little Boy!
[grunting]
[Fatman laughing]
[gurgling]
[explosion]
[coughing]
-[Jean] Hey, Ominae.
-[gasps]
A second-rate performance, as usual.
That's now 10 times you'd be dead
without me.
[Little Boy] Wh-Who the hell are you?
[Jean] Didn't your mother
teach you to use your manners
when you ask someone's name?
My name is Jacquemonde to you.
Spriggan, Jean Jacquemonde to be precise.
That guy's a Spriggan?
[Fatman] Another one?
[Yu] Lose the cool guy act, asshole!
You sure talk big after showing up late.
Well, if I'd been here from the beginning
then you wouldn't have gotten a turn.
And what are you doing letting this scum
get the better of you anyway, huh?
Shut the hell up!
[explosion]
Jean!
[Fatman]
The one you have to worry about is me!
-[weapon firing]
-[Little Boy laughing]
Yeah, that's what happens
when you mess with the two of us.
You got that?
Hey halfwit, I'm over here.
-Try to keep up.
-Huh?
[gun fires]
I made a vow
that I, Jean Jacquemonde, would rid
the world of all the bottom feeders
just like you.
[grunting]
[Little Boy] Shut up!
[tense music]
[gasps]
[Little Boy] How's he so damn fast?
[gunshot]
[grunting]
Ah, Orichalcum body armor, huh?
Guess, there's only one option left.
I'll just hit that ugly mug
sticking out the top.
[rattling gun firing]
[Fatman] Running away, Spriggan?
Here, catch!
[grunting, gasps]
[Fatman screams]
[explosion]
[Fatman grunts]
Damn runt!
[grunting]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[Little Boy] Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it! Damn it!
I'm the fastest one
in the Machiner's Platoon by a mile.
How the hell is he keeping up with me?
[grunting, scoffs]
[Little Boy screams]
You… you… you demon!
The only demon I see here is you.
[rumbling]
[tense music]
[panting]
Was that all you've got?
[Little Boy shrieks]
See, it hurts my feelings getting called
a demon by a freak show like you.
[grunts, shrieks]
Stay away!
You demon!
Not the brightest, are you?
[Jean laughs]
I'll fix that disgusting mug
of yours for you.
Are you ready?
[whimpering]
[Jean grunting]
[Little Boy screaming]
[explosion]
[Fatman] Little Boy!
[grunting]
[gun firing]
[Fatman shrieks]
[groaning]
Damn you!
[Fatman groans]
Impossible!
My Orichalcum body armor!
[Yu] Aw, you're so naïve.
You thought that outfit you're so pleased
with wouldn't go out of style?
And now, I'm gonna make you suffer…
nice and slow for each one of my friends
that you killed.
[Fatman] You… you scum! I swear!
I'm gonna slaughter every last one of you!
[grunts]
[Fatman groans]
[Yu] You murdered my friends
like they were nothing.
Feel their pain!
[gurgling]
[inhales deeply]
[Yu exhales sharply]
My limbs! What have you done to my limbs?
You bastard!
[screams]
So sorry, I didn't see you down there.
Can you show me where it hurts?
Maybe I can help you out.
Where should I start?
[Jean] Your head? Your heart?
[Fatman grunts]
Don't get cocky, runt.
After killing us,
there's no way you're leaving
this mountain alive.
[Jean] Hey, Ominae.
This one's still alive.
[Yu] Yeah, I made sure
not to hit anything vital.
Huh?
[Yu] I got a mountain
of questions for him.
[sighs]
[Fatman] The Ark will belong to America.
We'll have it and in the meantime,
you're just keeping it safe for us.
[laughs]
Against the power that we have,
ARCAM doesn't stand--
[gunshot]
[gasps]
All right, it's your turn now.
[Little Boy whimpers]
That's enough, you idiot!
There's no fight left in him.
Who are you calling an idiot, idiot?
Do you know how many of our allies
these two assholes just killed?
Are you thinking of showing mercy
to the enemy, huh?
No, I'm not thinking that at all.
But we're not murderers.
We're better than them.
And if--
[gasps]
Honestly, Ominae,
you're so soft, it makes me sick.
Listen up, when you are a Spriggan,
you guard ARCAM,
as well as all the artifacts.
And to guard it, we have to be the most
powerful as well as the most feared.
[Jean] If you let them off lightly now,
you'll regret it later.
[breathes heavily]
[officer] Confirmed, Fatman's vital signs
have ceased.
Little Boy isn't answering his coms.
We can assume he's been taken prisoner.
[MacDougall] That was within the scope
of my predictions.
Their task was to destabilize ARCAM
and weaken their military capabilities.
And they carried it out most admirably.
But what's gonna happen if ARCAM
does manage to take the Ark anyway?
Even if ARCAM has the key,
they certainly won't have ascertained
how to use it.
You see, only with my power…
and the ancient writings of Noah
can one enter the Ark.
It would be impossible for them
to get there before us.
Hm. Colonel MacDougall, sir.
Wouldn't you say this situation
merits requesting backup?
[computer crackling]
[all exclaim]
[MacDougall] The Pentagon has bestowed
upon me the power of God.
Not only that, but now with Noah,
I have been given the chance
to commune with the true God.
I will kill anyone
who dares get in my way.
All you need to do is listen to me
and do whatever it is I tell you.
[rumbling]
[Professor Meyzel] We're here.
That is Noah's Ark.
[exclaims in surprise]
[Yu] It's massive.
[Margaret] What you see here
is something akin to the rudder, or keel.
The whole of the ship
is up above the bedrock.
They must be after
whatever's in the Ark, right?
Then why don't we just
drill a hole in it already?
-Focus, young man.
-Huh?
A hole?
We can't even leave a scratch on it.
Why is that?
Because of the way it was made.
The Ark is made from the same
frozen entire material as this plate.
[Professor Meyzel]
Time does not move for it.
It cannot change, and thus,
it cannot be destroyed.
[Yu] So why are you
investigating the plates?
Shouldn't the Ark be higher priority?
The mechanism of this plate is different
from other ones we've seen.
When we apply a small electric current,
it generates a bizarre magnetic field.
That current is the exact same voltage as
the one that is flowing through the Ark.
[Professor Meyzel] I, therefore, believe
it must be some kind of key.
Well, if you've worked out that much,
just open it.
Foolish again.
[Professor Meyzel]
It appears that we are still missing
one of the pieces needed to awaken Noah.
Something other than the key.
Heat source detected at point Delta 1-4.
[officer] The source is slow but moving.
Is that a kid?
[ground rumbling]
-[Yu] Jean!
-We should split up.
[Little Boy laughing]
What are you laughing at?
[Little Boy] He's here.
The child with the power of the Devil.
You and the Spriggans are all going
to die here in this mountain.
[soldier]
It's no use! Guns have no effect!
Close the bulkheads!
Don't let them advance any further!
[loud banging]
[all exclaim]
[rumbling]
[soldiers screaming]
[loud crash]
My team and I have this area
totally under our control.
Lay down your little weapons and hand
over that Message Plate key right now.
[Yu] Who the hell are you?
Huh?
I don't know what you want with the Ark,
but I've got no interest
in giving it to you.
Oh, all right.
I suppose there's nothing else
I can do then.
[Yu groans]
[gurgles]
You… you little…
[Yu] What have you done to me?
[groaning]
Yu!
Maybe you should refrain
from pointless resistance.
Unless, of course,
you all want to die like him.
[Yu grunts]
-Hold on a second.
-Huh?
Who's saying that I'm dead?
[MacDougall] How impressive.
You must be tough to have survived
my psychokinesis.
Almost like some kind of cockroach.
You little twerp.
You calling me a cockroach?
-[Professor Meyzel] Enough foolishness!
-Huh?
I'll give you the key to the Ark.
And in return, you will spare the lives
of everybody here.
Ah, it's Professor Meyzel and Margaret!
If you would be so kind…
-as to accompany me as I enter the Ark.
-Stop, don't do it.
Stop, Professor--
[groans]
I'll go with you, Colonel.
My apologies, Margaret.
I go wherever you go, Professor Meyzel.
Touching. Then, come with me, won't you?
[groaning]
[Professor Meyzel]
You must be MacDougall from the Pentagon.
I just can't imagine equipping a child
with such enhancements.
My life is of no particular importance
outside of this mission.
And besides, it's all thanks to this
that I've been able
to get closer to God's power.
God, huh?
Seems more like the devil's handiwork
to me. An abomination.
[chuckles]
-[groans]
-[Little Boy scoffs]
Time for you to join your friends
and their pointless death.
[officer] Lieutenant,
we were ordered to treat
the ARCAM soldiers as prisoners of war.
[Little Boy] No.
I'm executing this one here.
-[officer] But, sir--
-Quit your whining or you're next!
[loud crash]
[gasps]
What the hell? This entire place
has been overrun by the enemy?
[Little Boy]
Oh, damn you, Jean Jacquemonde!
[Jean scoffs]
None of you scum has any manners.
[grunting]
No, you don't! Hiyah!
[Jean] You're pointing your little guns
at me? Really?
You goons sure got some nerve!
[gun firing]
[groaning]
-[Little Boy] Stop right there!
-Oh.
Don't you care
about your little friend, huh?
[sighs]
Ominae…
[Jean] Weren't you listening before?
You'd have died 50 times already
without me.
[gunshot]
[Jean gasps]
What?
[laughing]
[Little Boy] You fool!
You're the dead one now!
[groaning]
Well, you've done it now.
You filthy scumbag freaks.
All right, it is what it is.
[scoffs]
Just you wait. You're gonna wish
you were already dead.
[groans]
[tense music]
-[gasps]
-[Little Boy] Now then, little runt.
Looks like it's finally your turn.
[Little Boy] I'll do you the favor
of sending you off
with your little demon pal.
[Jean growling]
-[Little Boy laughing]
-[officer] Lieutenant…
Lieutenant!
Shut up!
[gasps]
[Little Boy] What the hell is that?
-[monster growling]
-[whimpers]
[officer 1] Shoot it! Bring it down now!
[growling]
[officer 1] His… his wounds.
They're closing up!
[officer 2] No way!
[guns firing]
[growls]
[Bruce] Are you okay, Yu?
[Yu] Not me, the others.
[Bruce] Like I'd leave you behind.
But Jean… what's the matter with him?
Jacquemonde is what's called
a lycanthrope.
What?
[Yu] When he sees his own blood,
he turns into a beast.
Once he changes, there's no stopping him.
He'll keep going until he's slaughtered
everything that moves.
[gasps]
[MacDougall] This is Noah's Ark.
[Professor Meyzel] That won't work.
You can't get into Noah's Ark
with just a plate alone.
You will need something to amplify
the magnetic field.
I should've known you'd worked that out.
You really are a clever one,
Professor Meyzel.
But that isn't gonna be necessary.
At least, not for me.
[ominous music]
[alarm blares]
-[both exclaim]
-Now, shall we carry on?
[sighs]
-[Yu] Yo, Jean!
-Huh?
You all done now?
[Jean] You bonehead!
It's entirely your fault
this happened again.
I hate doing that.
There's just no elegance, whatsoever.
-[gasps]
-Thanks a lot, Jean.
[snorts]
And how did you get all beaten up
this time?
He took the professor
and Margaret with him.
Huh? He did what?
How could you just act like there's…
[Jean grunts angrily]
Dammit!
[gasps]
This is it!
[MacDougall] This is Noah's Ark!
Just as the ancient writings said!
Ancient writings?
[MacDougall] At another site,
the Pentagon excavated a stone tablet
that had been washed ashore.
And written on that tablet
was the way to operate the Ark.
However, much of what it said
was inconsistent with the Old Testament,
so no one believed it.
They didn't until ARCAM managed
to unearth this.
That's ancient Hebrew writing.
"I am God in Heaven above.
You who awaken me,
the cincture of the earth,
shall then bend to your every will.
And thus, should evil break loose
upon the earth,
take the grace of Heaven,
and make of it the Devil's fire."
[gasps]
Yes, with this, one can alter the very
cincture of the earth, its atmosphere,
and thus, manipulate the composition
of solar radiation.
Meaning…
Noah's Ark is a terraforming device.
[panting]
Is that kid trying to activate the Ark?
[MacDougall] Can you name the most
dire crisis faced by the modern world?
Environmental destruction.
Global warming, freak weather events,
water pollution, soil contamination,
deforestation, desertification.
However, once I possess Noah's Ark,
all these problems
can be solved right now.
Where the nuclear bomb symbolized power,
Noah's Ark shall be a symbol of peace
and new beginnings.
Utterly foolish.
Malicious posturing, that's all.
America wanted the Ark
so they can show off.
You're right, it is utterly foolish.
[both] Huh?
And yet, I have to thank the Pentagon…
for allowing me the opportunity
to pass judgment on humanity myself.
[Yu] Gravitational control.
[ominous music]
[Yu grunts]
Jean!
[Jean] What?
[shrieks]
What the hell is this?
It's full of dinosaurs.
[Yu] Not just dinosaurs,
creatures I've never seen before.
[MacDougall] You must've seen them
on the way here, Professor.
All the creatures, most likely
subject of experiments
to create the next generation of life.
And in fact, that perfectly describes
the Ark's other magnificent power.
Grace and destruction in equal measure?
[MacDougall] Exactly!
The destruction wrought
by climate change in one hand.
And the grace to recreate
life on earth in the other.
You see, the second coming of Genesis
is what Noah's Ark
was originally created for after all.
It can't be…
How about it, Professor Meyzel?
Will you use the power of the Ark
and help me create
the next generation of life?
What are you talking about?
[MacDougall]
Even if we fixed the earth's problem,
humanity would just repeat
all the same mistakes.
But with the Ark,
I will cleanse the world of humanity.
And with the two of you by my side,
I know that we can do it.
Let us build a whole new world together.
[laughs]
[ominous music]
[sighs]
I won't do it.
[MacDougall] What did you say?
[Professor Meyzel]
I said I won't do it!
I have no interest in helping you.
Well, that's a shame.
I thought that you would understand.
[Margaret shrieks]
[Professor Meyzel] Margaret!
The next time, I will kill her.
You insolent foolish child.
[powers up]
[laser shooting]
[grunts]
Hand over Margaret
and the professor. Do it!
[MacDougall]
Wow. I didn't expect you back so soon.
[Yu] Please. I wasn't gonna die
without taking you with me.
Oh, yeah?
Do you really believe you can stop me?
'Cause if you think you can,
you are welcome to try.
[rumbling]
[tense music]
[Ed] Hey, look!
[Bruce] But that's…
[sighs]
What have you done this time?
[MacDougall] Now I will use Noah's power
to raise the earth's temperature.
[gasps]
And then the second Great Flood
shall begin.
We're detecting changes
in the composition of the atmosphere,
centered on Mount Ararat!
[soldier] We believe Noah's Ark
has been activated.
[Yu] Jean, take Margaret
and the professor and get out of here.
You're so soft you couldn't bring yourself
to kill that wretch back there.
I'm definitely not leaving you alone
with something like this.
[Yu] Margaret needs immediate
medical attention.
With your speed,
you should make it in time.
[snorts]
If you lose, I'll kill you.
You're not leaving.
Oh, no, you don't.
[grunts]
[gasps]
A smokescreen?
No!
Hey, Colonel, the professor and Margaret
will leave unharmed.
The one you need to worry about is me!
[screams]
[grunting]
[Yu groans]
[screaming]
[panting]
Whoa!
[MacDougall] You still don't see, do you?
You're proud of that outfit,
but it's not gonna stop me.
[bone cracks]
[Yu screaming in pain]
And now, I must ask you to please leave.
You're bleeding in God's chamber
and it so pains me to see it dirtied.
[Yu panting]
God's chamber?
Where the hell is God
supposed to be in here?
[MacDougall] Isn't it obvious?
Noah, and I,
with the Ark's power, are Gods.
[Yu laughs]
And yet, you turn the Ark
into a genocide device?
[sighs]
You really don't see
the bigger picture, do you?
You see,
even if I hadn't triggered the Ark,
sooner or later, humanity
would've destroyed the earth
all by themselves anyway.
It would've been way beyond the point
of any possible recovery.
[MacDougall] I'm sure you want to be
the hero who saves the world.
But that is mere self-serving hypocrisy.
You make me sick.
-[Yu laughs]
-Huh?
[Yu] Moron.
Like I give a damn
about the end of humanity.
Then why are you trying to stop me?
[Yu] The world is messed up,
but everything important to me,
my friends and allies,
they're all here.
Friends, you say? And allies?
Such things do not exist in this era.
[scoffs]
That just means that nobody likes you,
-so you wouldn't understand.
-[whimpering]
Silence, you hypocrite!
[groans]
[MacDougall straining]
Oh no, I used too much power.
[gasps]
[grunts]
This isn't over yet.
-I said silence!
-[groans]
I am God!
If I don't exterminate humanity
and their mistakes now,
-soon it'll be too late!
-[Yu shrieks]
[groaning]
[whimpering]
[Yu] Don't make me laugh.
No God was made by humans.
You're just a fraud.
Silen--
[choking, coughing]
[Yu] If you ask me, you're the hypocrite.
What?
You say you wanna change the world,
and you justify it by invoking God.
No!
[tense music]
But you do actually know, don't you?
[Yu] God is just an excuse people use
to run away from their sins.
No!
You are no God. You're…
[grunting]
…human!
No!
Which means that the future of humanity
will always be decided by us humans.
No!
[grunts]
[Professor Meyzel] The Ark has…
stopped?
[dramatic music]
Hey.
[Yu] So why didn't you finish me off?
Don't get any ideas.
Your words did not sway me.
The time has finally come.
[MacDougall] Just a little more, one step
further, and all the bad dreams…
would've been washed away.
[Yu grunts]
Your dream playtime is over.
We're going home.
What are you doing?
[Yu] You think I'd just leave you here
still alive?
[blaring]
[grunting]
[warbles]
[shatters]
[Yu] What did you do?
[MacDougall]
I activated the Ark's self-destruct mode.
[Yu gasps]
So now, time will return to the Ark
and it'll be unable to sustain
the form it's in.
[MacDougall] With this, Noah and myself
shall disappear from this world forever.
Damn twerp!
[grunts]
[Yu groans]
[MacDougall breathing heavily]
I… was created for Noah.
If the Ark is gone,
then I have no reason to exist.
[groaning]
Goodbye, Yu Ominae.
Charge ahead through
this screwed up world.
Go fight it with all of your strength!
[rumbling]
[explosion]
[ground rumbling]
Professor…
Time was frozen for it,
but now it moves once more.
[Professor Meyzel] That much mass,
I doubt it can maintain its form
in three-dimensional space.
Now, we can only watch it
as it crumbles to dust.
[rumbling continues]
[Jean pants]
Ominae.
Wake up, Ominae!
Honestly.
If it weren't for me, that's now
a hundred times you'd have died.
Jean.
[Jean] What?
[Yu] You were right. I am soft.
I can still see the kid's face at the end.
[Jean] Yeah, you're
a bleeding-heart softie, for sure.
But to be honest, that's something
I actually like about you.
Hey, I heard that.
No, you didn't. Now shut it and hold on.
[distant explosion]
[both yelp]
[rumbling]
[Jean] Seriously?
[both screaming]
[rumbling]
[Professor Meyzel] It's over.
Noah's Ark, it's all gone.
[rocks rustling]
-[soft clanging]
-[all gasp]
[both breathing heavily]
[both gasp]
[Margaret chuckles]
Oh, this kid. He did it again.
-We were so worried…
-We're fine. We're all okay now.
-[laughing]
-[overlapping chatter]
[indistinct chattering]
[soldier] You cocky punk.
[Jean] Shut up.
[laughter]
[closing theme music]
Subtitle translation by: Zensho Yamamoto